hey guys I'm today I well I didn't order
it today I ordered it when was it I
think around six days ago I it was
supposed to come yesterday but for some
reason he got delayed I ordered I think
it's a triple a brain saver home and so
came Internet and I'm pretty stoked
all right let me focus this with unlike
rot right here all right sir
all right that's a really small box box
so got the pack of stickers that they
usually give us put that aside to check
them out later and here we have D helmet
just take this out with this clear bag
real quick all right
oh my gosh has a really nice feel it
looks up it feels like that like they
put like a really thin layer of silicone
on it it's it's really nice I dig it
there's low medium here's the you call
these information catalog oh look a
Triple Eight sticker okay cool
these are the the what do you call this
Triple A brain saver
what is it rates a much you sure yeah
Triple A brain saver so this home has
like this even sweat savers what they
call it when I've heard what I've heard
and this is like sprayed with an
antibacterial spray that stops - hummus
from sweating and it absorbs your sweat
from getting all up in your face when
you're long boarding or skating it looks
like you're really good helmet compared
to Maya like other crappy helmet some
razor home I will show you the
difference or cliff don't pull that out
hey where's the top pole for this this
is my old home I hated the design it
made me look like I had a huge head I
look super dorky and then you know this
design you know that's pretty sick but
yeah hopefully I can do a an ice skating
video with this on I've needed a home
for a while now so yeah but now I'm just
just check out the stickers real quick
and maybe you guys are interested or did
this I think in the month of May so I
shouldn't get the sticker of the month
from daddy's pork chop hopefully yeah
that's cool and it's a nice sticker
where am I going to stick the sticker I
don't know I'll stick it somewhere and I
got some too uh daddy's blood shop
stickers which is pretty cool so that is
the unboxing thank you for watching this
what should be up later today
I should like totally be a model check
too oh my gosh I am gorgeous with this
on my arm I totally did it I did it it's
like really comfortable actually
surprisingly I thought would be like
little some would say give you really
itchy
but it doesn't it's pretty cool I really
just like the color and just the way it
feels it has really nice feel to it
can't wait to start skating this because
today is like the worst day ever outside
on this Friday I think it's the seventh
of June and it sucks it freaking sucks
it's raining like hell and it sucks
balls outside so yeah that's that that
is now the official under the video
please like favorite comedy if you have
any questions and yeah that's that now I
need to clean up my room because I'm
eating a mess